So we've got the back hip of the animal,
we've removed the trotter and the hawk.
And now what we're going to do
is we're going to prepare the back
hip for boning and getting it
into its larger muscle groups.
first, I need to remove a couple of
things, one being the tailbone here
and the other being the skin.
So just to take the tail off,
you see just a little bit of the remnants
of the tail right here.
That's just something that will make
skinning it infinitely more easy.
So what I'm gonna do
is I'll just come underneath the tailbone
and I'll just cut it off.
But in such a fashion
that I'm not taking any usable meat
with it, a little bit of fat.
Never hurt anybody come off so well.
Discard that.
And then what we're going to do
is we're going to skin it.
So when I'm skinning the back hip.
I like to come underneath the skin
here, it's a thinner skin
so I can come underneath the
that I choose not to go into the skin
for fear of damaging the muscle
that's under it.
So I'll come under the skin
like so I'll turn my knife up, obviously
not wanting to be too close to it
and I'll just make an incision.
From there, I'm going to be skinning it
in such a fashion that I don't want
to give myself y'know awkward situations
where I can't see where my knife is.
So I want to make sure that I have full
visibility of the blade at all times,
albeit it.
It will be under the skin,
but you'll see what I mean.
So on the inside round here,
which is this larger muscle, we have this
almost looser fat also known as wet fat,
not something that is very desirable
in very many applications
on the hip itself.
But when we do flip it over
and we get into this section here,
which is more of a continuation
of the back fat that certainly is usable.
So what I would like to do
is when I'm skinning it,
I'll leave as much fat on the muscle
as possible , so to skin it.
I like to
keep my non knife hand
totally out of the equation
until I make a couple of incisions
so that I can get my hands on the skin.
I don't need to be underneath
with a sharp knife.
The knife goes right through that skin way
too easy,
and I don't want it to go through mine.
So I just take some slack and I just start
removing some of that loose fat.
And like I said, this wet fat here,
if it comes off of the skin,
that's not a big deal.
So as I said before,
I'm going to flip it over,
but I want to make sure that I'm
leaving a little bit of this back
fat on the back leg itself.
OK, so we can pull it and
we can try to leave some of it on there.
But what I want to be doing is making
long, fluid passes instead of coming at it
with little knicks.
So I can make long, fluid strokes like so.
I'm just trying to remove
as much of that skin as possible
while leaving some of that back
fat as well.
So I'll come underneath
and then I'll flip it over.
And just remove any skin that's left.
So I've got my skin
there removed from the back leg.